Managed enterprise services by diagnosing root causes of incidences, determined time of detection, diagnosed and resolved by analyzing data.
Worked with various data sources such as Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop, ODBC and flat file sources
Created, maintained & scheduled various reports in SSRS such as Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports & Parameterized Reports using SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS.
Expert in connecting multiple data sources in Power BI to implement working reports.
Hands on experience in developing reports and dashboards visualization.
Developed confidential proprietary analytical tools and reports with Microsoft Excel, and Power Pivot, and Power Point. Slicer, Pivot chart, Pie Chart, Macros.
Expert in creating Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis using Power BI desktop.
Expert in creating multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
Created and deployed Matrix, Grid, Chart, and Gauge Reports utilizing SSRS. Created parameters for SSRS reports as well as drill-down and interactive sorting capability.
Implemented subscriptions and snapshots in the SSRS Report Manager.
Researched problems thoroughly to diagnose the root cause by pulling data from multiple Sources, Developed Reports and dashboards using Power BI .
Expert in creating Score Cards, Metrics, Power View/MAP and Pivot Tables using Office 365.
Expert in creating multiple kinds of Report in Power BI and presented them using Story Points.
Created SSIS package to pull all events and programs data from database server and SharePoint lists.
Hands-on experience assisting users in creating and modifying worksheets and data visualization dashboards.
Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc Reports


Designed, developed and tested various Power BI and Tableau v isualizations for dashboard and ad-hoc reporting solutions by connecting from different data sources and databases.
As a Power BI and Tableau SME responsible for the design, development and production support of interactive data visualizations used across the company .
Conducted meetings with business stakeholders, clients and director level members for requirement gatherings and presented various solutions using best practices .
Expertise in data preparation with experience in blending multiple data connections, and creating multiple joins across same and various data sources .
Used and created various visualizations in reports like scatter plot, box plot, Sankey chart, bar graphs, Gantt chars, trend lines, waterfall charts, statistical models, heat maps, geo-maps allowing end users to utilize full functionality of the dashboard. .
Excellent SQL skills for daily testing of data using various SQL queries.
Managed Power BI Portal - Data refreshes / User management and set up gateway data refresh.
Used Parameters and Quick filters, Dynamic X and Y axes using Parameters, Table Calculations.
Solid experience in building interactive reports, dashboards, and/or integrating modeling results and have strong Data Visualization design skills and analytic background by using POWER BI and Tableau desktop.
Created complex dashboard using parameters, sets, groups and calculations and drill down and drill up in worksheets and customization using filters and actions .